Text Content
Home
(Disclaimer: As a new web-developer, this web site will be fore testing and learning purposes.)
Welcome to the website! 
This blog will be covering a variety of interesting topics that people could find enjoyable. It could be said that this is a lifestyle/informative blog. I will not be saying that this is a lifestyle to follow. But instead, I will be illustrating the currently lifestyle that I take part in. The topics I will be providing in this blog are stories (anecdotes from my experience) and anime.
As stated earlier, the stories that will be posted are anecdotal. It will include funny things that I have experienced, which usually involves my family or friends. It can also include internal musings that I find insightful and meaningful. Every story and every situation are a learning experience. I want to provide stories for people to find their own takeaways. 
Another topic of discussion is anime. For a comparison, anime is the Japanese version of a “cartoon” series. The most amazing shows can be found. They can be cute and fluffy or action-packed. There is plenty of content and genres that people can select. I will be providing some reviews on animes that I found enjoyable.
Hopefully, this website ends up being a great learning resource for me and for you to enjoy!

About
What’s a blog?
“A blog (a truncation of "weblog")[1] is a discussion or informational website published on the World Wide Web consisting of discrete, often informal diary-style text entries (posts). Posts are typically displayed in reverse chronological order, so that the most recent post appears first, at the top of the web page. Until 2009, blogs were usually the work of a single individual,[citation needed] occasionally of a small group, and often covered a single subject or topic. In the 2010s, "multi-author blogs" (MABs) emerged, featuring the writing of multiple authors and sometimes professionally edited. MABs from newspapers, other media outlets, universities, think tanks, advocacy groups, and similar institutions account for an increasing quantity of blog traffic. The rise of Twitter and other "microblogging" systems helps integrate MABs and single-author blogs into the news media. Blog can also be used as a verb, meaning to maintain or add content to a blog.” - Wikipedia
About the Creator
I am currently a student pursuing higher education. In addition, I am taking available opportunities available to gain more knowledge and keep learning. In my opinion, to keep moving forward, we always need to keep learning. I am interested in learning new technologies and coding practices.
Creative Outlet
I created this website/blog for creativity. Although my usual temperament is analytical, I enjoy having a creative outlet. I am aiming to add different effects and images to make this engaging. The blog should attract readers so that they have a great time also. The content will be quirky, funny, and entertaining. 

Stories
Winter Forgetfulness
If one is attending school, there is usually a break called “Winter Break”. This is the longest break other than summer break. Since a break is long, there is a potential to forget information. I have seen this occur. 
With the current restrictions, my younger sibling rarely interacts with their classmates. Currently, school is virtual. When winter break came, a lot of time was spent in the house. For around two weeks, my sibling did not see any classmates. 
So, when school returned, some names where forgotten. The conversation when like this.
“Pick someone from the class to share next,” said the teacher.
“Hmmm. I see people raising their hands,” my sibling stated.
“Choose one,” replied the teacher.
“…I forgot their names…,” my sibling quietly whispered.
As it can be seen, winter forgetfulness can certainly happen.

Anime
What is anime?
“Anime is hand-drawn and computer animation originating from Japan. In Japan and in Japanese, anime (a term derived from the English word animation), describes all animated works, regardless of style or origin. Outside of Japan and in English, anime is colloquial for Japanese animation and refers specifically to animation produced in Japan.[1] Animation produced outside of Japan with similar style to Japanese animation is referred to as anime-influenced animation.” – Wikipedia
“Anime is a diverse medium with distinctive production methods that have adapted in response to emergent technologies. It combines graphic art, characterization, cinematography, and other forms of imaginative and individualistic techniques. Compared to Western animation, anime production generally focuses less on movement, and more on the detail of settings and use of "camera effects", such as panning, zooming, and angle shots. Diverse art styles are used, and character proportions and features can be quite varied, with a common characteristic feature being large and emotive eyes.” – Wikipedia 
Why anime?
As a person who loves the Japanese culture, I love the anime that is produced. There are a variety of genres that can be enjoyed. It is an enjoyable pastime that is great for relaxing. Also, if amongst family, people can have family movie nights. (Awesome!) I have found that enjoying these “Japanese cartoons” is important for stress relief. I would be delighted to share the my interests in anime with others.
